= README by Fenhan

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

== Ruby version

    <b>2.1.5</b>

== Rails version

	<b>Rails 4.2.0</b>
	
== Configuration:

1.Use git clone to download the project to local.

2.cd into the project and run bundle install to install necessary gems.

== Database creation

1.There is no need to run rake db:create and rake db:schema:load, because I upload the database into github. 

This way is not a good way, Just for demo purpose.

== Database initialization

1.There are already dates there and you don't need to initializaton it.

2.For the furture design, we can use gems called populator and faker to populate test data.


== How to run the test suite

1. Under the project folder, start rails server in test environment by running <b>rails s -e test -b 0.0.0.0</b>.

2. Open a new tab in the terminal window and run <b>cucumber features</b>.

3. You will see 19 steps passed in green word

4. You can find the Scenario in TerminalAPI/features and you can find the step definitions in TerminalAPI/features/step_definitons.


== Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

1. To start rails server, just run rails s -b 0.0.0.0

== Deployment instructions

1. You can use Capistrano to deploy the application on server side.

== Improvement

1. We can use the gem called rails-api to set up the api environment.

2. JWT(Json Web Token) authentication can be added so that the API can achiev authentication functions.

3. We can also use Redis as the caching sever so that the query performance can be imporved.


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
# Fenhan
